README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Aura Code Review



<a name="readme-top"></a>

Aura is an intelligent code review assistant that leverages AI to streamline your GitHub workflow. It automatically analyzes pull requests, suggests improvements, identifies bugs, and generates optimized code—helping developers ship higher quality software faster.
</div>

---

![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-000?logo=bun&logoColor=fff)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-%23316192.svg?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Drizzle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Drizzle-C5F74F?logo=drizzle&logoColor=000)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011.svg?logo=github&logoColor=white)



## Prerequisites
### LLM Keys
- [Mistral](https://mistral.ai)
- [OpenRouter](https://openrouter.ai)
- [Langsmith](https://smith.langchain.com)

### Github App
- [Create a Github App](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/about-creating-github-apps)
- Add the following permissions:
    - Read and Write Metadata
    - Read and Write Code
    - Read and Write Pull Requests

### Database
- Any Postgres database with PGVector extension

Add the above keys to the `.env` file

### Enviroment
- Make sure to have [Bun](https://bun.sh) installed

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yashraj-n/aura-code-review
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
bun install
```

3. Run the server
```bash
bun run dev
```

🚀 The Github App will be installed automatically when you run the server.

Commit message:

Add features section to README.md detailing automated code reviews, comment interactions, structural analysis, repository indexing, markdown feedback, and error handling

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Aura Code Review



<a name="readme-top"></a>

Aura is an intelligent code review assistant that leverages AI to streamline your GitHub workflow. It automatically analyzes pull requests, suggests improvements, identifies bugs, and generates optimized code—helping developers ship higher quality software faster.
</div>

---

![Bun](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bun-000?logo=bun&logoColor=fff)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=fff)
![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-%23316192.svg?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Drizzle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Drizzle-C5F74F?logo=drizzle&logoColor=000)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011.svg?logo=github&logoColor=white)

## Features

- **Automated Code Reviews**: Automatically analyzes pull requests when they are opened, providing detailed feedback on code quality, potential bugs, and suggestions for improvements.
- **Comment-Based Interactions**: Responds to mentions in issue comments, allowing users to request specific actions.
- **Structural Code Analysis**: Transforms unstructured code reviews into structured feedback for better readability and actionability.
- **Repository Indexing**: Indexes and embeds repository content for context-aware code analysis.
- **Markdown-Formatted Feedback**: Generates well-formatted markdown reports for clear and organized feedback.
- **Error Handling**: Built-in error handling and logging for reliable operation.

## Prerequisites
### LLM Keys
- [Mistral](https://mistral.ai)
- [OpenRouter](https://openrouter.ai)
- [Langsmith](https://smith.langchain.com)

### Github App
- [Create a Github App](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/about-creating-github-apps)
- Add the following permissions:
    - Read and Write Metadata
    - Read and Write Code
    - Read and Write Pull Requests

### Database
- Any Postgres database with PGVector extension

Add the above keys to the `.env` file

### Enviroment
- Make sure to have [Bun](https://bun.sh) installed

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yashraj-n/aura-code-review
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
bun install
```

3. Run the server
```bash
bun run dev
```

🚀 The Github App will be installed automatically when you run the server.
